README.md, before:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/idealista/airflow-role/master/logo.gif)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/idealista/airflow-role.png)](https://travis-ci.org/idealista/airflow-role)

# Apache Airflow Ansible role

This ansible role installs a Apache Airflow server in a Debian/Ubuntu environment.

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
	- [Prerequisities](#prerequisities)
	- [Installing](#installing)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the role for your ansible playbook. Once launched, it will install a [Apache Airflow](https://airflow.incubator.apache.org/) server in a Debian or Ubuntu system.

### Prerequisities

Ansible 2.4.1.0 version installed.
Inventory destination should be a Debian or Ubuntu environment.

For testing purposes, [Molecule](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/) with [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) as driver (with [landrush](https://github.com/vagrant-landrush/landrush) plugin) and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) as provider.

### Installing

Create or add to your roles dependency file (e.g requirements.yml) from GitHub:

```
- src: http://github.com/idealista/airflow-role.git
  scm: git
  version: 1.7.2
  name: airflow
```

or using [Ansible Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/idealista/airflow-role/) as origin if you prefer:

```
- src: idealista.airflow-role
  version: 1.7.2
  name: airflow
```

Install the role with ansible-galaxy command:

```
ansible-galaxy install -p roles -r requirements.yml -f
```

Use in a playbook:

```
---
- hosts: someserver
  roles:
    - { role: airflow }
```

## Usage

Look to the defaults properties file to see the possible configuration properties.

Bear in mind that, starting with Airflow v1.10.0, PyPi package `pyasn1` v0.4.4 is needed. To install it:
``` yml
airflow_required_python_packages:
  - {name: pyasn1, version: 0.4.4}
```

## Testing

```
molecule test --platform=Debian9
```

See molecule.yml to check possible testing platforms.

## Built With

![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-2.4.1.0-green.svg)

## Versioning

For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/idealista/airflow-role/tags).

Additionaly you can see what change in each version in the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file.

## Authors

* **Idealista** - *Work with* - [idealista](https://github.com/idealista)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/idealista/airflow-role/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

![Apache 2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg)

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

Commit message:

Hopefully fix Travis tests
Travis Python 3.6

Add PIPENV_IGNORE_VIRTUALENVS=1 in .travis.yml

Upgrade pip in travis

Upgrade setuptools in travis

Intall requests travis

Another approach for urllib3 error

Another approach for urllib3 error

Another approach for urllib3 error

Another approach for urllib3 error

Another approach for urllib3 error

Reverting changes due to Travis issue

README.md, after:

![Logo](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/idealista/airflow-role/master/logo.gif)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/idealista/airflow-role.png)](https://travis-ci.org/idealista/airflow-role)

# Apache Airflow Ansible role

This ansible role installs a Apache Airflow server in a Debian/Ubuntu environment.

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
	- [Prerequisities](#prerequisities)
	- [Installing](#installing)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Built With](#built-with)
- [Versioning](#versioning)
- [Authors](#authors)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the role for your ansible playbook. Once launched, it will install a [Apache Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/) server in a Debian or Ubuntu system.

### Prerequisities

Ansible 2.4.5.0 version installed.
Inventory destination should be a Debian or Ubuntu environment.

For testing purposes, [Molecule](https://molecule.readthedocs.io/) with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) as driver.

### Installing

Create or add to your roles dependency file (e.g requirements.yml) from GitHub:

```
- src: http://github.com/idealista/airflow-role.git
  scm: git
  version: 1.7.2
  name: airflow
```

or using [Ansible Galaxy](https://galaxy.ansible.com/idealista/airflow-role/) as origin if you prefer:

```
- src: idealista.airflow-role
  version: 1.7.2
  name: airflow
```

Install the role with ansible-galaxy command:

```
ansible-galaxy install -p roles -r requirements.yml -f
```

Use in a playbook:

```
---
- hosts: someserver
  roles:
    - { role: airflow }
```

## Usage

Look to the defaults properties file to see the possible configuration properties.

Bear in mind that, starting with Airflow v1.10.0, PyPi package `pyasn1` v0.4.4 is needed. To install it:
``` yml
airflow_required_python_packages:
  - {name: pyasn1, version: 0.4.4}
```

## Testing

```
pipenv install -r test-requirements.txt --python 2.7
pipenv run molecule test
```

## Built With

![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/ansible-2.4.5.0-green.svg)

## Versioning

For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/idealista/airflow-role/tags).

Additionaly you can see what change in each version in the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) file.

## Authors

* **Idealista** - *Work with* - [idealista](https://github.com/idealista)

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/idealista/airflow-role/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

![Apache 2.0 License](https://img.shields.io/hexpm/l/plug.svg)

This project is licensed under the [Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0) license - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.
